Horseman, I advise you not to because of this bargain
And hurt the sum between us
Otherwise you will have heavy losses.
How dare you threaten me?
You let the horse come
I'm sitting at the top of Mount Martin
Don't be afraid of you
Do you have to tear your face off?
You are the richest man
Should help us nobles
Not these hillbillies
I only understand reason
Never recognize any high-end or low-end
And with me
All are equal
There is no distinction between high and low
I'm giving you one last chance.
Immediately fulfill the promise to Zhao Ruonan
Otherwise you will pay the price
Well, we are high-ranking people of ghost descent
We won't follow
The old man said it well
You are so rude to classmate Zhao Ruolan
Then I'll get justice for him.
Notify all our partners
The building completely banned Sun Meifeng's family
And don't look for the intersection of Takahashi
Endorsement is
What is our branch in the building?
Boycotted by suppliers and customers
I am a veteran
What!
All my dozen advertising contracts have been cancelled
I am a dishonest person
Ma Shoufu, you come for real